# Portfolio
Storing old relevant HW and projects to showcase skills
1. Image_Captioning NLP HW5.py: In this assignment, I had to train an LSTM language generator to generate captions for flickr images. This assignment demonstrates my capabilities applying standard DL language models to real world data and my underlying knowledge of the material as we created the encoders, decoders and generator from scratch. The model we used was the InceptionV3 model.
2. Sign_language.py: In this assignment, I created a convolutional neural net to read sign language symbols. This is a standard application of a CNN and demonstrates my proficency in creating the standard neural network models.
3. AI HW 4: In this assignment, I created an AI to beat 2048. To do this, I used a minimax algorithm with 3 heuristics and alpha beta pruning to quickly generate the next move. My program consitenly got a score of 2048. This demonstrates my skill at creative problem solving. 
4. NLP HW4: In this assignment, I created a model to solve a lexical substitution task. I used wordnet and gensim to create a model which predicts the right synonyn in a sentence from a list of possible synonyms. This task again showcases my creative problem solving skills and demonstrates my knowledge of NLP models. 
5. Final Project C: This is C code to create a server to host a website and connect to a backend server that manages a database. This demonstrates a knowledge of connection protocall and knowledge, but more importantly it showcases my grit and determination as C is different from my normal coding practices and much more difficult in which to write server infrastructure. 
6. jha2137-HW2.ipynb: This code I manually constructed a multi layer perceptron neural network using only numpy. This demonstrates my underlying knowledge of how neural networks are constructed and also shows my proficency in math. 
7. NLP HW3:  In this assignment, I trained a feedforward neural network to predict the transitions of an arc-standard dependancy parser. This demonstrates my knowledge and ability to apply complicated NLP concepts.
8. Databases HW: This contains the first two homeworks from my databases class and demonstrates my level of proficency in SQL. 
